Update dbot.md (#1205)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/dbot.md

title: Reputation and DBotScore
---

> DBot is the Cortex XSOAR machine learning bot, which ingests information about indicators to determine if they are malicious. Since DBot requires a very specific dataset, you need to format the data according to this article. As described in the [generic reputtion command](../integrations/generic-commands-reputation#background-and-motivation) article, when developing an integration which implemnts a generic reputationm command it is neccessary to also create a corresponding DBot score object.

Author: ```suggestion
DBot is the Cortex XSOAR machine learning bot, which ingests information about indicators to determine if they are malicious. Since DBot requires a very specific dataset, you must format the data according to this article. As described in the [generic reputation command](./integrations/generic-commands-reputation#background-and-motivation) article, when developing an integration that implements a generic reputation command, it is necessary also to create a corresponding DBot score object.
```
